1.1
!!!


1.1.2
@@@@@

This patch version makes the following corrections and clarifications:

  * Adds the intended ChromosomeLocation prefix to the Computed Identifiers
    table.
  * Revises the Cytoband information model to align with ISCN conventions.
  * Updates the Cytoband regex to match the specified model.


1.1.1
@@@@@

This patch version makes the following corrections and clarifications:

  * Correct styling / indexing of CytobandLocation in restructuredText to match
    the current Schema and ER Diagram.
  * Remove erroneous bracket notation after CURIE from the `locations` attribute
    in the :ref:`Allele` information model.
  * Added citation for sha512t24u and truncated digest collision analysis.
  * Revised Note in inter-residue design decision to acknowledge community terms.

1.1.0
@@@@@

1.1.0 is the second release of VRS.

New classes
###########

  * ChromosomeLocation: A region of a chromosomed specified by species
    and name using cytogenetic naming conventions
  * CytobandInterval: A contiguous region specified by chromosomal bands features.
  * Haplotype: A set of zero or more Alleles.
  * VariationSet: A set of Variation objects.

Other data model changes
########################

  * Interval was renamed to SequenceInterval. Interval was an internal
    class that was never instantiated, so this change should not be
    visiable to users.

Documentation changes
#####################

  * Added :ref:`relationships` to describe how VRS relates to other
    standards.
  * Updated :ref:`normalization` to clarify handling of reference
    alleles and generalize terminology to apply to all VRS objects.
  * Updated current and future schema diagrams.
  * Included a discussion of the :ref:`release-cycle`.
